# CS-255-Portfolio

This was a project for my CS-255: System Analysis and Design class at SNHU. Throughout the course, we simulated what it would be like to work with a client to develop a new website/system that would execute their needs. The client in this case was DriverPass, a company whose goal was to create a website for students who were preparing for driving tests. The company was seeing large numbers of driving students failing their tests because they did not have access to practice tests or driving instructors. The system we worked on designing would allow students/customers to select different types of packages that would allow them to schedule time with driving instructors and the local DMV would be able to provide practice tests directly to the system for customers to take advantage of.

I felt that I did particularly well on my business requirements document, gantt chart, and powerpoint presentation. I felt that these items were easier to put together and could be more articulate than some of the other diagrams we needed to create. Altough I did well on all of the assignments for this course, I felt most confident when completing these particular assignments. One thing that I think they each had in common was that they would be easier for a non-technical audience to understand, and I have a bit of experience doing this in my current career.

The user's needs were primarily provided to us by the client. Choosing packages, schedulung appointments, taking practice tests, and checking progress were the main user needs that the client wanted to implement into the system. The client themselves were also considered users since they would be using the system in a different way to manage customer needs. The client appeared to have a good grasp of how the system could provide a good user experience, but the responsibility lies on the development team to provide a decent user experience. This is important especially if a client is less technical.

My approach to designing software is to collect the requirments, organize those requirements, identify constraints, evaluate infrastructure needs, create diagrams and psuedocode to "outline" the program design, code the program, test the use cases, and devliver the product in increments to the client. The agile methodology is the preferred approach to doing all of these things with a team. In the future, I would continue to use diagrams and business requirment documents to full analyze a system design and use the agile approach to go about developing the system itself.
